[Music]
i'm pretty nervous
it's for good cause in it i just don't
want to be rubbish i don't want to be
that one that spoils comic relief
i've got a list of things i'm going to
need in my dressing room this space is
not going to be big enough i'm not going
to be able to exist in here
so short number is no training live
performance what could possibly go wrong
i'm actually really fine with it
a humidifier and a dehumidifier
and some humidity otherwise i've got
nothing to work with it's just a lot of
pressure isn't it it's opera it's not
normal singing i'll be honest with you
i'm terrified grey goose not the vodka
just a grey goose please
24 hours isn't enough to make a good
meal i don't know how they're gonna turn
me
into an opera singer in 24 hours white
towels
hot water just in case i give birth when
i'm singing
apparently you care
[Music]
does anybody have any guesses of what
the aria might be
is it one cornetto it isn't you've got a
clue from a special person
bet you're wondering what on earth i've
got to do with opera
well the aria you'll be performing live
on comic relief is very dear to my heart
as it became the soundtrack to the 1990
world cup finals in italy
a tournament we very nearly won had it
not been for those pesky penalties
anyway if you haven't guessed yet here
it is oh
and good luck oh my gosh
[Music]
hey
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
there's a place going on here if you
want it nes and dormer
is really epic passionate song
you've got 24 hours in which to turn
this around
it's gonna be no mean feat i'm more
nervous now i've been seeing
freddie perform how often have you sung
that before i mean that was
my first time you're kidding me yeah how
long did it take you to learn it five
years
can you remember how good you were after
your first week of it
not specifically as the beautiful music
was going on
it dawned on us all i think that that's
the beautiful music we're meant to be
singing
so it was kind of tears of joy and of
fear
i'm really excited this is my excited
really it's going to be fine face
i am it's a lot of pressure
oh god what have we done
what have we done
ladies and gentlemen performing
puccini's nesendorma
live for the first time i give you andy
osho
caroline quentin alex brooker jade adams
and jennifer saunders
take it away maestro
[Music]
[Applause]
ah
[Music]
the
is
[Music]
oh
for me
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
shadows
[Music]
[Applause]
hey